# library
Library in JavaScript
_______________________________________________________________

Skills Demonstrated

--Object manipulation
--Object constructors
--DOM manipulation
--Flexbox

Project includes HTML skeleton with a form and a table. 
_______________________________________________________________

Form > JavaScript vars > Constructor > Object > Array myLibrary
_______________________________________________________________

The HTML form accepts form inputs/selections converting them into variables. Variables are transferred from constructor to object. Finally, the previous data is stored in the myLibrary array.
_______________________________________________________________

Loop of myLibrary objects > DOM element and text rendering > HTML table populated
_______________________________________________________________

Once objects are in the myLibrary array, a loop begins which creates DOM elements formed from myLibrary objects. If an object is printed, it receives a Boolean values that prevent it from being reprinted by the loop. 

DOM properties are created and stored with a unique ids and event-listener functions generated by storing variables with “this”. These ids and event listeners are rendered with a unique names, specific to the elements they target or are targeted by. Because of this, element-specific event listeners allow for deletion of table elements and change of status from “read” to “unread.” 

Additional features:

--Form conditional ensuring input is present before submission
--Function that resets inputs and selections after submission
--Error appears if form left blank and submitted 
--Table hidden if unpopulated with child elements

